welcome my name is lisa and now i'm
going to talk about
in the year 2067 earth has been
devastated by climate change
with all plant life on earth extinct
civilization has collapsed around the
globe
only one city in australia has been
barely able to hold out against these
catastrophic
changes thanks to synthetic oxygen
produced by the chronocorp corporation
however this oxygen is tainted and
gradually causes a deadly affliction
known as the sickness
ethan white a tunnel worker for the
city's power plant
is faced with the harsh fact that his
wife santhi is afflicted with the
sickness
one day ethan is called before regina
jackson
a chronocorp research cto who explains
that the sickness will eventually wipe
out humanity during a test of the
chronicom
a prototype time machine ethan's late
father
quantum physicist richard white had
worked on before his death 20 years
prior
the scientists received a radio signal
from 407
years in the future with a message to
specifically send ethan to them to
prevent the extinction of mankind
despite the chance that ethan might
never be able to return
and his resentment against his father
for apparently prioritizing his work
over his own son
santhi and his guardian and work
colleague jute managed to change his
mind
after surviving the traumatic time
displacement
ethan finds himself in a lush but
lifeless rainforest
with only a device permanently fitted to
his wrist by his father during his
childhood and a hand computer named
archie as his only surviving pieces of
equipment
following archie's instructions he finds
the
entrance to a bunker-like structure and
before it
a skeleton wearing his jumpsuit and with
a bullet hole in its skull
as well as a decaying archie and the
familiar wrist device
shocked by the discovery of his
apparently inexorable death in the near
future
and sick from eating poisonous berries
ethan finds himself rescued by jude
who followed him through time after his
life readings
transmitted through the kranakrum were
failing
after sharing their findings they follow
archie's directions to another
still functional bunker which is
revealed to be a chronicom lab
it is there that ethan's wrist device is
revealed to be a dna analyzer
specifically made to grant him access to
the chronicom
which sets itself for automatic
reactivation in four hours
from a holographic recording left by
richard white
the duo learned that the chronicom
project originally entailed the
reactivation of an atmospheric
monitoring station which would ascertain
the earth's atmosphere's breathability
in the future and then transmit the data
back to the past
when first activating the machine nathan
was surprised to receive a message to
send his own son to the future
so despite his misgivings he prepared
ethan's wrist analyzer
however an immediate follow-up mission
was rendered impossible because safely
sending living matter through time
requires an
operational link from both sides the
activation of the chronicom triggers a
malfunction in its nuclear power core
threatening to unleash a nuclear
explosion before the countdown is
completed
ethan and jude make their way to the
power core which is located beneath the
overgrown ruins of their home city
finding the ruins littered with
skeletons including xanthes
they are forced to conclude that a cure
against the sickness was never found
when jude attempts some comforting words
ethan recognizes his voice from a
recording he found on the decaying
archie computer
taken moments before his future self was
killed
exposed jude directs ethan at gunpoint
to the reactor's control room
unable to activate the emergency
override
ethan willingly allows himself to be
locked inside the depressurizing chamber
to initiate a manual reboot
he succeeds in rerouting the power
preventing the meltdown
and reopening the control room with 37
minutes to spare
the duel returned to the chronicom lab
where ethan finds another exit that
opens to the entryway with his skeleton
upon its sight ethan suffers a nervous
breakdown and
implores jude to kill him which jude
refuses to do
jute then confesses that there was no
actual hope of ever changing the future
refusing to believe that ethan locks
jude in and plays back the remainder of
his father's last message
from it he learns that his mission was a
sham from the beginning
jackson intended to flee from her dying
timeline into the future with just a few
chosen to start anew
while richard maintained the hope that
the return message must
have been sent by somebody indicating
that there is yet hope for all mankind
in order to prevent its abuse richard
key the time machine to ethan's dna
but when richard's colleague announced
that the machine could be rigged
to send a person into the future one way
jackson killed richard
jude who had accompanied jackson was
appointed as ethan's guardian to ensure
the full use of the chronicom when the
time was right
refusing to allow this ethan tries to
shut the chronicom down but jude breaks
out and moves to stop him
when ethan refuses to fight him jude
guilt-ridden commits suicide
just before jackson can put her plans in
motion
ethan sends the send ethan white message
a copy of richard's recorded murder a
large collection of live jungle plants
and a personal farewell gift to xanthe
back to the past and then permanently
shuts down the chronicle
this creates a significant change in the
time continuum
in the past jackson is arrested and the
plants are used to revitalize the planet
and in the future ethan returns home to
find the city advanced and populated
thank you all for watching don't forget
to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]